Add info on practices and prereqs keys (#47)
exercism/docs: anatomy/tracks/practice-exercises.md

}
```

### `practices`

> The `practices` key should list the slugs of Concepts that this Practice Exericse actively allows a student to practice. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `practices` key should list the slugs of Concepts that this Practice Exercise actively allows a student to practice. 
```

> - These show up in the UI as "Practice this Concept in: TwoFer, Leap, etc`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These show up in the UI as "Practice this Concept in: TwoFer, Leap, etc"
```

> - Try and choose 3 - 8 Exercises for this key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try and choose 3 - 8 Exercises per Concept.
```

> - Try and choose 3 - 8 Exercises for this key.

Author: ```suggestion
- Try and choose 3 - 8 Exercises that practice each Concept.
```

- Try and choose at least two Exercises that allow someone to practice the basics of a Concept.

> - Some Concepts are very common (for example `strings` or `integers`). In those cases we recommend choosing a few good exercises that make people think about those Concepts in interesting ways. For example, exercises that require utf8, string concatenation, char enumeration, base-changes, etc, would all be good examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some Concepts are very common (for example `strings`). In those cases we recommend choosing a few good exercises that make people think about those Concepts in interesting ways. For example, exercises that require UTF-8, string concatenation, char enumeration, etc, would all be good examples.
```

### `prerequisites`

The `prerequisites` key lists the Concept Exercises that a student must have completed in order to access this Practice Exercise. 

- These show up in the UI as "Learn Strings to unlock TwoFer"
- It should include all Concepts that a student needs to have covered to be able to complete the exercise in at least one idiomatic way. For example, for the TwoFer exercise in Ruby, prerequisites might include `strings`, `optional-params`, `implicit-return`. 

> - For Exercises that can be completed using alternative Concepts (e.g. an Exercise solvable by `loops` or `recursion`), the maintainer should choose the approach that they would like to unlock the Exercise, considering the student's journey through the track.

Author: ```suggestion
- For Exercises that can be completed using alternative Concepts (e.g. an Exercise solvable by `loops` or `recursion`), the maintainer should choose the one approach that they would like to unlock the Exercise, considering the student's journey through the track. For example, the loops/recursion example, they might think this exercise is a good early practice of `loops` or that they might like to leave it later to teach recursion. They can also make use of an analyzer to prompt the student to try an alternative approach: "Nice work on solving this via loops. You might also like to try solving this using Recursion."
```

@angelikatyborska Is this clearer?

Reviewer 2: Yes
